chore: Replace CHANGELOG.md with GitHub release notes (#712)
testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> The [release notes](https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet/releases) are created and updates from pull requests. The pre-release notes contain all upcoming changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [release notes](https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet/releases) are created and updated automatically through merged pull requests. The pre-release notes of the next planned release contain all upcoming changes.
```
